Update session-replay.mdx (#1813)
mixpanel/docs: pages/docs/session-replay.mdx

- Search for replays by user's name / email, replay date, user ID, or the name of an event in the replay
- See a feed of events that occurred during each replay

## Heatmaps (Beta)
Heatmaps in Mixpanel help you visualize user interactions on your web application, showing where users click the most. This feature enables teams to quickly identify areas of high engagement and friction, helping to optimize user experiences and improve conversion rates.

> Our heatmaps are Clickmaps, which means they specifically track clicks on individual elements rather than just overlaying general activity on a page. This provides more precise insights into which buttons, links, or features users engage with the most.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our heatmaps are Click maps, which means they specifically track clicks on individual elements rather than just overlaying general activity on a page. This provides more precise insights into which buttons, links, or features users engage with the most.
```

I see a lot of folks refer to these are click maps instead of clickmaps. If you disagree then add "clickmaps" to our spelling dictionary for the repo (instructions in readme)

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/clarity/heatmaps/click-maps
https://www.hotjar.com/heatmaps/click-maps/

https://trends.google.com/trends/explore?geo=US&q=clickmaps,click%20maps&hl=en

Author: Ah good call, you're right. Looks like everyone calls them click maps. Updated accordingly!
